Translation corrections (#465)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_016.txt

//rでも、目になんか入らない。話をする余裕すらない。戸惑うように私を見つめる視線が、今はただ疎ましかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "でも、目になんか入らない。話をする余裕すらない。戸惑うように私を見つめる視線が、今はただ疎ましかった。",

> 			NULL, "But I didn't look back. I couldn't afford to talk to them. So, their confused stares at me felt unpleasant at the moment.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "But I didn't look back. I couldn't afford to talk to them. The way they stared at me in confusion felt unpleasant at the moment.", Line_Normal);
```

				NULL, "\"If you feel the need to apologize!", Line_WaitForInput);
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps2/05/210500775", 540, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "　せめて、かくまってあげてもっ…、っ？！」",

> 				NULL, " Couldn't you have at least tried to hide... What?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, " Couldn't you have at least tried to hide h... Huh?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	} else {
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/vt4bc_rika1031", 256, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "「謝るくらいだったらっ！",
				NULL, "\"If you feel the need to apologize!", Line_WaitForInput);
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/vt4bc_rika1032", 256, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "　せめて、かくまってあげてもっ…、っ？！」",

> 				NULL, " Couldn't you have at least tried to hide... What?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, " Couldn't you have at least tried to hide h... Huh?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r野菜がいやに少なく見えるのは、きっと売り物にならなくなったためだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "野菜がいやに少なく見えるのは、きっと売り物にならなくなったためだろう。",

> 			NULL, "It seemed the reason they had far fewer vegetables than usual was because the rest had been damaged beyond salvaging.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It seemed the reason they had far fewer vegetables than usual was because the rest had been damaged beyond salvage.", Line_Normal);
```

//r疑ってはいけない。殺意を持ってはいけないと圭一たちに偉そうに言っていた分際で、この体たらくとは…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "疑ってはいけない。殺意を持ってはいけないと圭一たちに偉そうに言っていた分際で、この体たらくとは…。",

> 			NULL, "To think I'd be reduced to this after talking all big to Keiichi and the others they about mustn't doubt anyone, and that they mustn't feel the urge to kill...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "To think I'd be reduced to this after talking up Keiichi and the others about how they mustn't doubt anyone, and that they mustn't feel the urge to kill...", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Satokooo!!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 21, "ps3/s14/21/212000002", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　なぁんね放ったらかん！！",

> 			NULL, " You're slacking off!!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " You're slackin' off!!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Shut yer trap!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 21, "ps3/s14/21/212000021", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　さっさと風呂わかさんかぁこのォッ！！」",

> 			NULL, " Hurry and clean that bath already!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer 2: わかさんか is a word form of  沸かす. 沸かす means "to boil something"
 so I think it's that Teppei wants Satoko to clean(scrub) the bath and then to heat it.

> 			NULL, " Hurry and clean that bath already!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Hurry and prepare that bath already!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rその姿を見下ろしながら、…私は本当に沙都子のこんな優しさに、今まで救われていたありがたみをしみじみとかみ締めていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その姿を見下ろしながら、…私は本当に沙都子のこんな優しさに、今まで救われていたありがたみをしみじみとかみ締めていた。",

> 			NULL, "Looking down and seeing her like that... I felt really grateful how much her kindness had saved me up until now.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Looking down and seeing her like that... I felt really grateful for how much her kindness had saved me up until now.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"You brat!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 21, "ps3/s14/21/212000023", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　逆らうんか、ああっっ？！」",

> 			NULL, " Ya goin' against me, welllll?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Yer goin' against me, huuuh?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetLocalFlag(LConsoleArc)==10) {
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps2/05/210500804", 540, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "「本当にいけないのは、それだけ身を投げ出して戦ってくれた人の思いを、努力から顔を背けてしまうことなの！」",

> 				NULL, "\"What you really shouldn't do is to turn away from the feelings and efforts of the people who risked themselves fight on your behalf, right?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "\"What you really shouldn't do is to turn away from the feelings and the effort of the people who risked themselves fighting on your behalf, right?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	} else {
		ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/vt4bc_rika1057", 256, TRUE);
		OutputLine(NULL, "「本当にいけないのは、それだけ身を投げ出して戦ってくれた人の思いと努力から、顔を背けてしまうことなのですよっ？！」",

> 				NULL, "\"What you really shouldn't do is to turn away from the feelings and efforts of the people who risked themselves fight on your behalf, right?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				NULL, "\"What you really shouldn't do is to turn away from the feelings and the effort of the people who risked themselves fighting on your behalf, right?!\"", Line_Normal);
```
